(:summary    "Major mode for editing Python programs"
 :repository (bzr . "http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~python-mode-devs/python-mode/python-mode")
 :created    "199202"
 :updated    "1994"
 :license    "GPL-3"
 :maintainer (nil . "python-mode@python.org")
 :provided   (doctest-mode pars-part-output py-bug-numbered-tests pycomplete pymacs python-mode python-mode-test)
 :required   ((("ansi-color" ansi-color)
	       ("cl" cl)
	       ("comint" comint)
	       ("compile" compile)
	       ("custom" custom)
	       ("highlight-indentation" highlight-indentation)
	       ("imenu" imenu)
	       ("info-look" info-look)
	       ("mmm-mode" mmm-auto)
	       ("reporter" reporter)))
 :keywords   (languages oop python)
 :homepage   "https://launchpad.net/python-mode"
 :commentary "\
This is a major mode for editing Python programs.  It was developed by Tim
Peters after an original idea by Michael A. Guravage.  Tim subsequently
left the net and in 1995, Barry Warsaw inherited the mode.  Tim came back
but disavowed all responsibility for the mode.  In fact, we suspect he
doesn't even use Emacs any more <wink>.  In 2003, python-mode.el was moved
to its own SourceForge project apart from the Python project, and in 2008
it was moved to Launchpad for all project administration.  python-mode.el
is maintained by the volunteers at the python-mode@python.org mailing
list.

python-mode.el is different than, and pre-dates by many years, the
python.el that comes with FSF Emacs.  We'd like to merge the two modes but
have few cycles to do so.  Volunteers are welcome.

pdbtrack support contributed by Ken Manheimer, April 2001.  Skip Montanaro
has also contributed significantly to python-mode's development.

Please use Launchpad to submit bugs or patches:

    https://launchpad.net/python-mode

INSTALLATION:

To install, just drop this file into a directory on your load-path and
byte-compile it.  To set up Emacs to automatically edit files ending in
\".py\" using python-mode, add to your emacs init file

GNU Emacs: ~/.emacs, ~/.emacs.el, or ~/.emacs.d/init.el

XEmacs: ~/.xemacs/init.el

the following code:

   (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '(\"\\\\.py$\" . python-mode) auto-mode-alist))
   (setq interpreter-mode-alist (cons '(\"python\" . python-mode)
                                      interpreter-mode-alist))
   (autoload 'python-mode \"python-mode\" \"Python editing mode.\" t)

In XEmacs syntax highlighting should be enabled automatically.  In GNU
Emacs you may have to add these lines to your init file:

   (global-font-lock-mode t)
   (setq font-lock-maximum-decoration t)

BUG REPORTING:

As mentioned above, please use the Launchpad python-mode project for
submitting bug reports or patches.  The old recommendation, to use C-c C-b
will still work, but those reports have a higher chance of getting buried
in our inboxes.  Please include a complete, but concise code sample and a
recipe for reproducing the bug.  Send suggestions and other comments to
python-mode@python.org.

When in a Python mode buffer, do a C-h m for more help.  It's doubtful that
a texinfo manual would be very useful, but if you want to contribute one,
we'll certainly accept it!

ToDo
Question calls of `py-guess-indent-offset', as
required indent may change throughout the buffer.
Rather may it be called by argument")
