(:summary    "Local variables for a directory tree"
 :created    "2005"
 :updated    "2006"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :authors    (("Dave Love" . "fx@gnu.org"))
 :maintainer ("Dave Love" . "fx@gnu.org")
 :provided   (dir-locals)
 :keywords   (files)
 :homepage   "http://www.loveshack.ukfsn.org/emacs"
 :commentary "\
It can be useful to specify local variables directory-wide, e.g. to
define CC mode styles consistently.  This library implements such a
scheme, controlled by the global minor mode `dir-locals-mode'.

Place a file named `.emacs-locals' (or the value of
`dir-locals-file-name') in the directory root.  This should specify
local variables in the usual way.  The values it sets are inherited
when a file in the directory tree is found.  Local variables
specified in the found file override the directory-wide ones.

However, `eval' pseudo-variables specified in the file are
evaluated (assuming `enable-local-eval' is true) _before_ any
directory-wide processing, and they are evaluated in a scratch
buffer, so that they are only useful for side effects on local
variables.  `mode' pseudo-variables which specify minor modes
toggle those modes for files within the directory.  If
.emacs-locals specifies a major mode, it doesn't propagate, but any
local variables and minor modes its hook sets will; thus it should
normally not specify a major mode.  The `coding' pseudo-variable
will not propagate from .emacs-locals.

For example, with dir-locals mode on, placing this in .emacs-locals
at the top-level of the Linux source tree would set the C
indentation style appropriately for files within the tree:

  Local variables:
  c-file-style: \"linux\"
  End:

(and ignore the stupid remarks in Documentation/CodingStyle).

Another possible use is, say, setting change-log parameters in
different trees for which the Emacs 22 development source broke use
of change-log-mode-hook.

NB:  This doesn't work with some versions of the Emacs 22 codebase
which changed the way hack-local-variables-hook is run, but the
change has been reverted.

Another, less clean, implementation of this sort of thing was
posted to gnu-emacs-sources as dirvals.el by Benjamin Rutt
<rutt.4@osu.edu>, June 2006, based on work by Matt Armstrong
<matt@lickey.com>.  It uses a different format for the equivalent
of .emacs-locals.")
