(:summary    "Use nxml-mode or html-mode, depending, and"
 :created    "2005"
 :updated    "2005"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :authors    (("Peter Heslin" . "p.j.heslin@dur.ac.uk"))
 :maintainer ("Peter Heslin" . "p.j.heslin@dur.ac.uk")
 :provided   (html-chooser-mode)
 :homepage   "http://www.dur.ac.uk/p.j.heslin/Software/Emacs"
 :wikipage   "HtmlChooserMode"
 :commentary "\
nxml-mode is an excellent mode for authoring XHTML (see
http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/NxmlModeForXHTML), but it
only works for XHTML. Even people who prefer XHTML still must often
deal with legacy HTML documents, and so many people need to work
with files in both flavors.  Unfortunately, both usually have the
same .html or .htm extension, and so are treated identically by
auto-mode-alist.  If, as a result, you accidentally open an HTML
file in nxml-mode, Emacs churns CPU while it tried in vain to
validate it, until you kill the buffer.

This file provides a dummy major mode called html-chooser-mode that
looks at a file, and if it seems to be XHTML, switches to
nxml-mode, and if it seems to be regular HTML, switches to
html-mode (or html-helper-mode, or whatever).  If the file is empty
or otherwise cannot be understood, the user is prompted to choose
which mode, and if empty, is offered the possibility of inserting
several skeletons or templates appropriate to that mode.

In fact, you may not need html-chooser-mode at all, since you can
get most of its functionality by putting this in your .emacs file:

 (setq magic-mode-alist (cons '(\"<\\\\?xml\\\\s \" . nxml-mode) magic-mode-alist))
 (setq auto-mode-alist  (cons '(\"\\\\.x?html?$\" . html-mode) auto-mode-alist))

In this way, all files with a .html extension will be opened in
html-mode, except for those containing <?xml at the start, which
will be opened in nxml-mode.  This doesn't handle new files well,
though: it puts them into html-mode, even if your intention is to
create an XHTML file with nxml-mode.  It also completely fails to
work on older versions of Emacs that don't implement
magic-mode-alist.  Hence html-chooser-mode.

Installation:

Put these lines in your .emacs file:

 (when (boundp 'magic-mode-alist)
   (setq magic-mode-alist
               (cons '(\"<\\\\?xml\\\\s \" . nxml-mode) magic-mode-alist)))

 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '(\"\\\\.x?html?$\" . html-chooser-mode) auto-mode-alist))
 (autoload 'html-chooser-mode \"html-chooser-mode\")

Changes:

1.0 Initial release
1.1 Don't offer to insert a template if there's already text in the
    buffer (as for HTML fragments)")
