(:summary    "Non-intrusive file local variables"
 :created    "2002"
 :updated    "2002"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :authors    (("Thomas Link"))
 :maintainer ("Thomas Link")
 :provided   (file-properties)
 :required   ((("tellib" tellib)))
 :homepage   "http://members.a1.net/t.link/CompEmacsFileproperties.html"
 :commentary "\
;---(:excerpt-beg file-properties :name desc)---
;---(:excerpt-source \"~/Etc/TL-Wiki/CompEmacsFileproperties\")---

Store file local variables without changing the file's contents. Add the
variable's symbol to `file-properties-list', and the variable will be
automatically saved and restored. Candidates would be:

- `buffer-undo-list' (got the idea from Ivar Rummelhoff's
continuous-undo.el)
- `register-alist'

In addition, overlays can be stored too (see `file-properties-overlays').

By default, the file-properties of file =/there/here/this.txt= will be
stored in =/there/here/.props/this.txt= (see `file-properties-subdir').
This variable can be tweaked, so that properties for files in
unwriteable directories are stored in =~/.props/filename=. This means
you can store file local variables for files for which you don't have
writing permisson.

Installation: Put (require 'file-properties) (file-properties-install)
into your startup/user init file.


*** Commands

`file-properties-add', `file-properties-remove' :: Add and remove a
variable to or from the file's property list.

`file-properties-overlay-add', `file-properties-overlay-remove' :: Add
and remove overlays containing a specific symbol.

`file-properties-add-special', `file-properties-remove-special' :: Add
or remove a mode setting function or a hook function.

`file-properties-write' :: Write the property file.

`file-properties-install', `file-properties-deinstall' :: Add and remove
file-properties.el specific hooks.


*** Variables

`file-properties-list' :: A list of file-properties that should be
stored in the property file.

`file-properties-overlays' :: A list of symbols or plists identifying
overlays that should be stored.

`file-properties-overlay-ignored-properties' :: Ignore these properties
when dumping overlays.

`file-properties-categories' :: Definition of \"special\" properties.

`file-properties-file' :: A buffer local variable defining the properties
file -- relative to the current buffer's/file's location. Use this to
force the use of a non-standard properties file.

;---(:excerpt-end file-properties :name desc)---

Known problems:

;---(:excerpt-beg file-properties :name problems)---
;---(:excerpt-source \"~/Etc/TL-Wiki/CompEmacsFileproperties\")---

- File-Properties sometimes loses information -- e.g. when reading the
properties file failes or when a file was moved or renamed. Don't move
your files! If you have to, make backups of the auxillary files before
opening one of the files -- just do be sure.

;---(:excerpt-end file-properties :name problems)---")
