(:summary    "Colorize nested delimiters: () [] {}"
 :created    "2010"
 :updated    "2010"
 :license    "GPL-3"
 :authors    (("Mark Triggs" . "mst@dishevelled.net")
	      ("additions by")
	      ("Jeremy Rayman")
	      ("and help from Alex Osborne" . "ato@meshy.org"))
 :maintainer ("Mark Triggs" . "mst@dishevelled.net")
 :provided   (rainbow-delimiters)
 :required   ((("emacs" cl)
	       ("paredit" paredit)))
 :homepage   "http://www.emacswiki.org/RainbowDelimiters"
 :wikipage   "http://www.emacswiki.org/RainbowDelimiters"
 :commentary "\
This is a \"rainbow parentheses\" mode which includes support for
parens \"()\", brackets \"[]\", and braces \"{}\". It conveys nesting
depth by using a new color from *rainbow-delimiters-faces* for each
for each nested level. It correctly colorizes statements of the
same depth - if two statements are the same level, they will be the
same color. The user can change the variable
`*rainbow-delimiter-faces*' to set their own color choices.
Emacs customize dialog support is forthcoming.

Each set of delimiters \"()[]{}\" is colored independently from one
another. This means that color chosen is based on the nesting depth
_solely of that type of delimiter_. Parens, brackets, and braces
all maintain their colors depth, meaning even a bracket nested
within several levels of parentheses will start with the topmost
(lightest) color, and each nested bracket will then move to the
next color.

Default colors come from ZenBurn vim/emacs theme, available here:
http://slinky.imukuppi.org/zenburnpage/

Mark Triggs (with contributions from Alex Osborne) did the hard
parts in this code. This is a fork of their work to add several new
features. The original rainbow-parens.el is available at:
http://dishevelled.net/elisp/rainbow-parens.el

Bug reports about this code should be sent to Jeremy Rayman
<jeremy.rayman.public@gmail.com>. Please do not send bug reports to
the maintainers of rainbow-parens.el unless the bug is present in
their original version. Thank you.")
