(:summary    "Windows by number"
 :created    "20100912"
 :updated    "2011"
 :license    "GPL-3"
 :authors    (("Paul M. Rodriguez" . "pmr@ruricolist.com"))
 :maintainer ("Paul M. Rodriguez" . "pmr@ruricolist.com")
 :provided   (numwin)
 :keywords   ("convenience")
 :homepage   "http://gopher.ruricolist.com:70/lisp"
 :commentary "\
Switching windows in Emacs, without resorting to the mouse, is
awkward because you have to follow the cyclic ordering of windows -
that is, go in circles. There are some libraries that make life
easier by indexing each window by a number bound to a key sequence.
But they only fix window switching, whereas the real problem is
more general.

None of the things we do with windows - deleting, splitting
(vertically and horizontally), \"zooming\" (with
`delete-other-windows'), growing, shrinking, and swapping windows,
and displaying buffers and files in them - none of these things
should require us to switch windows at all.

Numwin fixes all of these operations by remapping them to new
commands, and only intrudes itself when numbering makes sense. When
there are only two windows, for example, `numwin-other' just calls
`other-window'.

This leads to a subtle, but important, consideration. Because
Numwin only displays numbers when needed, it can re-number the
windows in cyclic order every time. This sounds confusing, but it's
a good thing, because it means the number of the selected window
(or the active minibuffer) is always 0. And since you know for sure
the selected window is 0, you can rely on muscle memory - no
glancing at the screen - which keeps the affordances of Numwin the
same as those of stock Emacs, modulo one extra keystroke (which
doesn't even have to be 0: it can be SPC or RET, anything but a
number).")
