(:summary    "On-screen display"
 :created    "20031214"
 :updated    "20041008"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :authors    (("Daniel Brockman" . "drlion@deepwood.net"))
 :maintainer ("Daniel Brockman" . "drlion@deepwood.net")
 :provided   (osd)
 :keywords   (multimedia)
 :wikipage   "http://www.emacswiki.org/OnScreenDisplay"
 :commentary "\
This file implements a thin Emacs front-end to a small program
called `osd_cat', written by Martijn van de Streek
<martijn@foodfight.org>.  That program in turn is a front-end to
the X OSD Library, a cool piece of software for overlaying text on
an X display written by Andre Renaud <andre@ignavus.net>.  While
I'm dropping names, I might as well mention Tim Wright
<tim@ignavus.net>, the current maintainer of the X OSD Library, who
apparently also made significant contributions to the
aforementioned `osd_cat'.

Presumably, an Emacs front-end to an X OSD library is useful in any
situation where the user needs or wants to be informed of something
regardless of whether or not their eyes are currently focused on an
Emacs frame.  The reason I wrote it because I thought it would be
neat to have the artist's name and title of the song pop up
whenever EMMS starts playing something new.

EMMS, by the way, is the Emacs Multi-Media System created by Jorgen
Schaefer <forcer@forcix.cx> and Ulrik Jensen <terryp@daimi.au.dk>,
inspired by an earlier music player front-end for Emacs called
`mp3player'.  For more information, see
<http://www.gnu.org/software/emms>.

Instructions:

First of all, you will probably want to put this file somewhere
Emacs looks, most likely `~/.elisp/', and add the following line to
your `.emacs':

 (require 'osd)

To get the basic functionality working, you have to download and
install the X OSD Library and the `osd_cat' utility if you don't
already have them.  You can get these packages from, for instance,
 - the web (<http://www.ignavus.net/>),
 - Debian's APT (`xosd-bin' and `libxosd2'), or
 - Gentoo's Portage (`x11-libs/xosd').

For neat EMMS integration, try this:

 (add-hook 'emms-player-start-hook
           (lambda () (osd-broadcast-string
                       (emms-playlist-get-current))

If you think the on-screen text looks a little boring, try using
the following settings instead of the defaults.  These are designed
to match the Zenburn color theme, which can be found at
<http://www.deepwood.net/software/zenburn/zenburn.el>.

 (setq osd-program-args
       '(\"--pos\"          \"top\"
         \"--offset\"       \"30\"
         \"--align\"        \"center\"
         \"--delay\"        \"3\"
         \"--color\"        \"#dcdccc\"
         \"--outline\"      \"1\"
         \"--shadow\"       \"3\"
         \"--shadowcolour\" \"#1e2320\"
         \"--font\"
         \"-*-new century schoolbook-bold-i-*-*-24-*-*-*-*-*-*-*\"))")
