(:summary    "Package for synchronization of various Emacs subsystems with Palm Pilot"
 :created    "2005"
 :updated    "2005"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :provided   (bbdb-pilot diary-pilot memo-pilot pilot)
 :required   ((("bbdb" bbdb bbdb-com)
	       ("calendar" calendar)
	       ("cl" cl)
	       ("diary-lib" diary-lib)
	       ("emacs" easymenu)))
 :homepage   "http://bruda.ca/emacs-pilot/"
 :wikipage   "http://www.emacswiki.org/EmacsPilot"
 :commentary "\
Various functions transfer the following databases to and from the
pilot: BBDB, diary, and memos.  This is part of the `emacs-pilot'
package <http://turing.ubishops.ca/home/bruda/emacs-pilot/>.  For
detailed usage information please refer to the README file included
in the package or accessible directly at
<http://turing.ubishops.ca/home/bruda/emacs-pilot/emacs-pilot/README>

To use the package, insert the following line into your Emacs
initialization file:

(require 'pilot)

Autoloads are also available if preferred for the following
functions (the first two being the main functions).
  pilot-make-menu (creates the pilot menu, from pilot.el)
  pilot-add-to-vm (integrates the pilot menu into VM, from pilot.el)
  bbdb-pilot-to-pilot (pushes the BBDB database to the pilot, from
                       bbdb-pilot.el)
  bbdb-pilot-to-bbdb (integrates the pilot address book database into 
                      BBDB, from bbdb-pilot.el)
  diary-pilot-to-pilot (synchronizes the diary, from diary-pilot.el)
  pilot-get-memos (puts pilot memos into a mailbox, from memo-pilot.el)
  vm-message-to-pilot (exports the current message as memo, from memo-pilot.el)

The package creates the `pilot' customization group, see the
variables therein for customization.

You need the `pilot-wait' and `pilot-wait-end' scripts or
equivalent (or set the appropriate customizable variables to the
empty string) included in this distribution.  You also need the
`pilot-link' package which does the actual transfer to and from the
pilot.

Actually, the two scripts are needed only for pure udev systems,
more specifically on those systems in which /dev/pilot appears when
the hotsync button is pressed and disappears when the hotsync
operation completes.  On system in which /dev/pilot persists
between hotsyncs `pilot-wait' has no effect (so you are better off
setting `pilot-wait-command' to the empty string) and the use of
`pilot-wait-end' is harmful (so you MUST set `pilot-end-command' to
the empty string, otherwise your Emacs will hang after the first
hotsync operation!).")
