(:summary    "View html-enriched mail/news buffers using Netscape"
 :created    "19961122"
 :updated    "19990317"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :authors    (("Noah Friedman" . "friedman@splode.com"))
 :maintainer (nil . "friedman@splode.com")
 :provided   (ns-browse)
 :keywords   (extensions)
 :homepage   "http://www.splode.com/~friedman/software/emacs-lisp/index.html"
 :commentary "\
Updates of this program may be available via the URL
http://www.splode.com/~friedman/software/emacs-lisp/

This program allows you view html-enriched messages contained in mail or
news buffers by sending them off to a currently-running Netscape browser.
To do so, run the command ``ns-browse-buffer'' in the mail/news article
buffer.  In some cases you may have to first click in that buffer if the
cursor isn't already there (e.g. if the cursor is currently in a summary
buffer.)

If your browser is not running on the same display as your emacs
process, you can use the command ``ns-browse-set-display'' to choose a
different display for future invocations.

You *must* already be running a browser.  This program will not launch
it for you.

In order for all this to work properly, you must make sure that netscape
recognizes some file type as \"message/rfc822\".  You can do this most
easily by putting the following line in ~/.mime.types:

          message/rfc822      msg

Or, if your .mimes.types file is in the new Netscape format already, use

          \".msg\" == \"message/rfc822\"

The default \"temporary file\" used in this package to save the contents
of the buffer to view, ends in \".msg\" but you can change this if you
would rather use some other extension.  Just make sure it matches the
message/rfc822 extension in your .mime.types file.

The primitives in browse-url.el are not really sufficient to handle mail
messages in a special way (for example, they know nothing about widening
hidden headers in different major modes) and I am not certain that any
other browsers handle email anyway.  Hence, a more specialized interface.

Thanks to Jamie Zawinski <jwz@netscape.com> for turning me on to
netscape's -remote feature.  More information about this can be found
via \"http://home.netscape.com/newsref/std/x-remote.html\".

NOTE: Most of this was broken in Netscape 4.0 (Communicator).
Mailbox window details (to be implemented):

mailbox:/path/name		for the folder itself; URLs of this form
				always get presented in the mail window.

mailbox:/path/name?id=XXX	for a particular message (leave off
				the <> around the message ID, and make
				sure it's properly URL-hex-encoded).
				This just returns a document of type
				message/rfc822, which is then displayed
				in whatever window is in use.

mailbox:/path/name?number=37	another way of getting at it.

mailbox:/path/name/?id=XXX&number=37	yet another way, which does some
				sanity checking for the case of two msgs
				having the same ID.

Then there are a bunch of other options you can tack on there that are
related to display; these correspond to the menu options on the mail
window:

	headers=all		full header display
	headers=some		default
	headers=micro		one-line summary
	headers=citation	\"so-and-so wrote\"

	part=N.N		to extract a particular sub-part of
				the mime object (this returns a document
				whose type is the type of the part,
				rather than message/rfc822)

	rot13=true		frobs text/* content

	inline=false		turns off \"display attachments inline\"")
