(:summary    "Play the fluidsynth software synthesizer"
 :created    "2004"
 :updated    "2004"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :provided   (musical-letters)
 :commentary "\
The flow in `musical-letters-mode' is from the keyboard to Emacs,
and from Emacs to Fluidsynth. At the Emacs stage, two things
happen: When a printing character (hereafter, a \"letter\") is input
by the user, it is inserted into the buffer; then a code associated
with this letter is sent to fluidsynth, which plays a note. If
`musical-letters-navigation' is non-nil, navigating the buffer with
left and right arrow keys, backspace and delete keys also causes
notes to be played.

The user can change the code values that are sent to fluidsynth by
setting the variable `musical-letters-tuning'. Currently only one
sound font file at a time is supported; the user can change this
font by setting the variable `musical-letters-font'.

Some known issues:

Since we are having trouble binding to non-ASCII keys, that isn't
really consequential right now anyway. We could scrape around
inside of ASCII for things like `~' that haven't been mapped yet,
but I don't think that there are many other things we could
use... oh yes, \"`\". Well, there are actually more things, but I
just currently have them embedded in my keyboard, not arrayed
around the periphery. Will need to get the non-ASCII characters to
work if I want these extra keys to be usable.

Rather than going through each binding and adding them back in
explicitly, it might be more effective to have a way to make the
default binding run before/after whatever sound is associated with
that action plays. But I don't know how to get at the default
action. This can be a problem when there are several minor modes
going at once; for example, musical letters mode and edebug. In
this case, since `q' (for example) doesn't have the default action,
it won't be sent to edebug properly.")
