(:summary    "Narrow/widen on blocks of php, css, javascript"
 :created    "2005"
 :updated    "2005"
 :license    "GPL-2"
 :authors    (("Peter Heslin" . "p.j.heslin@dur.ac.uk"))
 :maintainer ("Peter Heslin" . "p.j.heslin@dur.ac.uk")
 :provided   (html-script)
 :required   ((("cl" cl)))
 :homepage   "http://www.dur.ac.uk/p.j.heslin/Software/Emacs"
 :wikipage   "http://www.emacswiki.org/HtmlScript"
 :commentary "\
When using html-mode or nxml-mode to edit (X)HTML, this file
enables you to narrow the visible buffer to show just a
php/javascript/visual basic script block, or a css style block, and
then to switch from html-mode or nxml-mode to the appropriate mode
for that block.  When finished editing that block, it enable you
easily to show the whole buffer and switch back to the original
mode again.

The user interface consists of a single keystroke: by default, F12.
To change it, customize the value of 'html-script-key.  In html-mode
or nxml-mode, this key looks to see if the cursor is inside a
script/style block, and if it is, it narrows the buffer to that
block and switches to the appropriate mode.  Hit the same key again
to go back to editing the whole file in the original mode.

This file used to be called nxml-script.el, when it only supported
nxml-mode; now it has been completely rewritten and made a bit more
general, so it can be used with any major mode for editing (X)HTML.

The original idea was taken from html-helper-mode.el

Installation:

To install, put this file in your load-path, and require it via
your .emacs.

 (require 'html-script)

There are various customizations available, including a list of
modes in which to install html-script (defaults to html-mode and
nxml-mode). 

You also need to have the relevant autoloads set up for the script
modes you want to use, like so:

 (autoload 'php-mode \"php-mode\" \"PHP mode\" t)

Supported major modes for script/style blocks include php-mode,
css-mode, javascript-generic-mode, jde-mode, visual-basic-mode.

You might also need to tell emacs to open .php, .jsp and such files
in html-mode or nxml-mode, like so:

 (setq auto-mode-alist (cons '(\"\\\\.php[34]?$\" . nxml-mode) auto-mode-alist))

BUGS:

I regularly use only CSS and PHP, very occasionally Javascript, and
Visual Basic not at all, and so the code for these last two has not
been tested.

Changes:

1.0 First public release of nxml-script.el

2.0 Changed name to html-script.el and completely rewritten.
Removed 'nxml-script-function and 'nxml-script-region-function, as
too confusing.  Various user customization variables have changed.

2.1 Bugfix for javascript and vbscript and added ecmascript mode --
thanks to Mark Takacs.")
