(:summary    "Fake Emacs lisp namespaces"
 :license    "public-domain"
 :provided   (fakespace)
 :required   ((("cl" cl)))
 :homepage   "https://github.com/skeeto/elisp-fakespace"
 :commentary "\
See example.el for an example of using this package.

Provides fake namespaces through a very rudimentary `defpackage',
familiar to Common Lisp users. The developer declares which symbols
are to be exported outside the package. All other symbols are
hidden away (by `end-package') where no other package can trample
on them.

It works by comparing the symbol table before any declarations to
the symbol table afterward, then uninterning any symbols that were
created and not exported. This will work even on byte-compiled
files. In fact, everything is determined at compile-time, so there
is practically no load-time penalty from using these fake
namespaces.

Generally you will not want to actively use these fake namespaces
during development because there is no `in-package' function. You
will always been in the main namespace unable to access your
private functions. Later, when you're finishing up and want to test
out your namespace, make sure your code is unloaded from Emacs
(i.e. none of your symbols is in the symbol table) before applying
your namespace. The same applies to compilation: the package must
not be loaded before compilation or the `defpackage' will not hide
any symbols.

I still think it is possible to support `in-package' here. When
symbols are uninterned, they could also be stored in a package
symbol table. When switching packages, the old symbol table's
symbols are uninterned and the new symbols are loaded in. I may add
this in the future.")
