(:summary    "Outline-based notes management and organizer"
 :repository (git . "git://repo.or.cz/org-mode.git")
 :created    "2004"
 :updated    "2011"
 :license    "GPL-3"
 :authors    (("Carsten Dominik" . "carsten@orgmode.org"))
 :maintainer ("Carsten Dominik" . "carsten@orgmode.org")
 :provided   (org org-agenda org-archive org-ascii org-attach org-bbdb org-bibtex org-clock org-colview org-compat org-crypt org-datetree org-docbook org-exp org-exp-blocks org-export-latex org-faces org-feed org-footnote org-freemind org-gnus org-habit org-html org-icalendar org-id org-indent org-info org-infojs org-inlinetask org-install org-irc org-jsinfo org-latex org-list org-mac-message org-macs org-mew org-mhe org-mobile org-mouse org-plot org-protocol org-publish org-remember org-rmail org-src org-table org-timer org-vm org-w3m org-wl org-xoxo)
 :required   ((("bbdb" bbdb bbdb-com)
	       ("calendar" cal-iso calendar diary-lib holidays solar)
	       ("cdlatex" cdlatex)
	       ("cl" cl)
	       ("easymenu" easymenu)
	       ("emacs-core" font-lock)
	       ("epg" epg)
	       ("erc" erc erc-log)
	       ("find-func" find-func)
	       ("footnote" footnote)
	       ("gnuplot" gnuplot)
	       ("gnus" gnus gnus-sum mailcap message parse-time sha1 time-date)
	       ("icalendar" icalendar)
	       ("info" info)
	       ("mew" mew)
	       ("mh-e" mh-e mh-search mh-utils)
	       ("outline" noutline outline)
	       ("ps-print" ps-print)
	       ("remember" remember)
	       ("reporter" reporter)
	       ("rmail" rmail)
	       ("table" table)
	       ("time" time)
	       ("vm" vm vm-search)
	       ("wanderlust" wl)
	       ("xml" xml)
	       (nil htmlize)))
 :keywords   (calendar hypermedia outlines wp)
 :homepage   "http://orgmode.org"
 :wikipage   "http://www.emacswiki.org/OrgMode"
 :commentary "\
Org-mode is a mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, and doing
project planning with a fast and effective plain-text system.

Org-mode develops organizational tasks around NOTES files that contain
information about projects as plain text.  Org-mode is implemented on
top of outline-mode, which makes it possible to keep the content of
large files well structured.  Visibility cycling and structure editing
help to work with the tree.  Tables are easily created with a built-in
table editor.  Org-mode supports ToDo items, deadlines, time stamps,
and scheduling.  It dynamically compiles entries into an agenda that
utilizes and smoothly integrates much of the Emacs calendar and diary.
Plain text URL-like links connect to websites, emails, Usenet
messages, BBDB entries, and any files related to the projects.  For
printing and sharing of notes, an Org-mode file can be exported as a
structured ASCII file, as HTML, or (todo and agenda items only) as an
iCalendar file.  It can also serve as a publishing tool for a set of
linked webpages.

Installation and Activation
---------------------------
See the corresponding sections in the manual at

  http://orgmode.org/org.html#Installation

Documentation
-------------
The documentation of Org-mode can be found in the TeXInfo file.  The
distribution also contains a PDF version of it.  At the homepage of
Org-mode, you can read the same text online as HTML.  There is also an
excellent reference card made by Philip Rooke.  This card can be found
in the etc/ directory of Emacs 22.

A list of recent changes can be found at
http://orgmode.org/Changes.html")
