(:summary    "Outline-based notes management and organizer"
 :repository (git . "git://repo.or.cz/org-mode.git")
 :created    "2011"
 :updated    "2011"
 :license    "GPL-3"
 :authors    (("Carsten Dominik" . "carsten@orgmode.org"))
 :maintainer ("Bastien Guerry" . "bzg@gnu.org")
 :provided   (ob ob-C ob-R ob-asymptote ob-awk ob-calc ob-clojure ob-comint ob-css ob-ditaa ob-dot ob-emacs-lisp ob-eval ob-exp ob-fomus ob-fortran ob-gnuplot ob-haskell ob-java ob-js ob-keys ob-latex ob-ledger ob-lilypond ob-lisp ob-lob ob-matlab ob-maxima ob-mscgen ob-ocaml ob-octave ob-org ob-oz ob-perl ob-picolisp ob-plantuml ob-python ob-ref ob-ruby ob-sass ob-scheme ob-screen ob-sh ob-shen ob-sql ob-sqlite ob-table ob-tangle org org-agenda org-annotate-file org-archive org-ascii org-attach org-bbdb org-beamer org-bibtex org-bookmark org-capture org-checklist org-choose org-clock org-collector org-colview org-colview-xemacs org-compat org-contacts org-contribdir org-crypt org-ctags org-datetree org-depend org-docbook org-docview org-drill org-element org-elisp-symbol org-entities org-eshell org-eval org-eval-light org-exp org-exp-bibtex org-exp-blocks org-expiry org-export org-export-generic org-export-latex org-faces org-feed org-footnote org-freemind org-generic org-git-link org-gnus org-habit org-html org-icalendar org-id org-indent org-info org-infojs org-inlinetask org-interactive-query org-invoice org-irc org-jira org-jsinfo org-latex org-learn org-list org-lparse org-mac-iCal org-mac-link-grabber org-mac-message org-macs org-mairix org-man org-mew org-mhe org-mime org-mks org-mm org-mobile org-mouse org-mtags org-mw org-notmuch org-odt org-panel org-pcomplete org-plot org-protocol org-publish org-registry org-remember org-rmail org-screen org-secretary org-special-blocks org-src org-static-mathjax org-table org-taskjuggler org-timer org-toc org-track org-velocity org-vm org-w3m org-wikinodes org-wl org-xhtml org-xoxo org2rem orgtbl-sqlinsert)
 :required   ((("arc-mode" arc-mode)
	       ("assoc" assoc)
	       ("bbdb" bbdb bbdb-com)
	       ("bibtex" bibtex)
	       ("bookmark" bookmark)
	       ("browse-url" browse-url)
	       ("calc" calc calc-store calc-trail)
	       ("calendar" cal-iso calendar holidays solar)
	       ("cc-mode" cc-mode)
	       ("cdlatex" cdlatex)
	       ("cl" cl)
	       ("cmuscheme" cmuscheme)
	       ("dabbrev" dabbrev)
	       ("diary-lib" diary-lib)
	       ("electric" electric)
	       ("emacs" autoload button comint easymenu font-lock overlay sha1)
	       ("epg" epg)
	       ("erc" erc erc-log)
	       ("eshell" esh-mode eshell)
	       ("ess" ess)
	       ("find-func" find-func)
	       ("find-lisp" find-lisp)
	       ("footnote" footnote)
	       ("format-spec" format-spec)
	       ("gnuplot" gnuplot)
	       ("gnus" gnus gnus-art gnus-sum mailcap message)
	       ("haskell-mode" inf-haskell)
	       ("hi-lock" hi-lock)
	       ("htmlfontify" htmlfontify)
	       ("htmlize" htmlize)
	       ("icalendar" icalendar)
	       ("info" info)
	       ("jira" jira)
	       ("matlab" matlab)
	       ("mew" mew)
	       ("mh-e" mh-e mh-search mh-utils)
	       ("mozart" mozart)
	       ("notifications" notifications)
	       ("nxhtml" moz)
	       ("octave-mod" octave-inf)
	       ("outline" noutline outline)
	       ("parse-time" parse-time)
	       ("pcomplete" pcomplete)
	       ("pp" pp)
	       ("ps-print" ps-print)
	       ("remember" remember)
	       ("remind" remind)
	       ("reporter" reporter)
	       ("rinari" inf-ruby)
	       ("rmail" rmail)
	       ("shell" shell)
	       ("shen-mode" inf-shen)
	       ("slime" slime)
	       ("table" table)
	       ("term" term)
	       ("time" time)
	       ("time-date" time-date)
	       ("tuareg" tuareg)
	       ("url" url-handlers url-parse)
	       ("vm" vm vm-search)
	       ("wanderlust" wl)
	       ("xml" xml)
	       (nil inferior-picolisp notmuch rcodetools swank-clojure)))
 :keywords   (calendar hypermedia outlines wp)
 :homepage   "http://orgmode.org"
 :commentary "\
Org-mode is a mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, and doing
project planning with a fast and effective plain-text system.

Org-mode develops organizational tasks around NOTES files that contain
information about projects as plain text.  Org-mode is implemented on
top of outline-mode, which makes it possible to keep the content of
large files well structured.  Visibility cycling and structure editing
help to work with the tree.  Tables are easily created with a built-in
table editor.  Org-mode supports ToDo items, deadlines, time stamps,
and scheduling.  It dynamically compiles entries into an agenda that
utilizes and smoothly integrates much of the Emacs calendar and diary.
Plain text URL-like links connect to websites, emails, Usenet
messages, BBDB entries, and any files related to the projects.  For
printing and sharing of notes, an Org-mode file can be exported as a
structured ASCII file, as HTML, or (todo and agenda items only) as an
iCalendar file.  It can also serve as a publishing tool for a set of
linked webpages.

Installation and Activation
---------------------------
See the corresponding sections in the manual at

  http://orgmode.org/org.html#Installation

Documentation
-------------
The documentation of Org-mode can be found in the TeXInfo file.  The
distribution also contains a PDF version of it.  At the homepage of
Org-mode, you can read the same text online as HTML.  There is also an
excellent reference card made by Philip Rooke.  This card can be found
in the etc/ directory of Emacs 22.

A list of recent changes can be found at
http://orgmode.org/Changes.html")
